# manv_api
The specification for the API the app uses to communicate with the server.

This Dart package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.7.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.DartClientCodegen

## Requirements

Dart 2.12 or later

## Installation & Usage

### Github
If this Dart package is published to Github, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  manv_api:
    git: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```

### Local
To use the package in your local drive, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  manv_api:
    path: /path/to/manv_api
```

## Tests

TODO

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```dart
import 'package:manv_api/api.dart';


final api_instance = DefaultApi();
final loginPostRequest = LoginPostRequest(); // LoginPostRequest | 

try {
    final result = api_instance.loginPost(loginPostRequest);
    print(result);
} catch (e) {
    print('Exception when calling DefaultApi->loginPost: $e\n');
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**loginPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#loginpost) | **POST** /login | TAN Login
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationsGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#notificationsget) | **GET** /notifications | notification polling
*DefaultApi* | [**playerSetNamePost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#playersetnamepost) | **POST** /player/set-name | Set username for the TAN
*DefaultApi* | [**runActionAllGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runactionallget) | **GET** /run/action/all | Returns a list of actions available to the user.
*DefaultApi* | [**runActionPerformMovePatientPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runactionperformmovepatientpost) | **POST** /run/action/perform/move/patient | Moves a patient from the current location to another location. Returns the result of /patient/arrive or the errors of /location/leave
*DefaultApi* | [**runActionPerformPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runactionperformpost) | **POST** /run/action/perform | Tries to perform an action. If successful the action is enqueued on the patient until the result is requested.
*DefaultApi* | [**runActionPerformResultGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runactionperformresultget) | **GET** /run/action/perform/result | Gets the result of a performed action and officially finishes/dequeues the action of the patient.
*DefaultApi* | [**runLocationAllGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runlocationallget) | **GET** /run/location/all | Returns a list of top-level accessible locations.
*DefaultApi* | [**runLocationLeavePost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runlocationleavepost) | **POST** /run/location/leave | Leaves a location.
*DefaultApi* | [**runLocationPutToPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runlocationputtopost) | **POST** /run/location/put-to | A player puts any location which is not a registered top-level location and places it into another selected location. It is designed to create a valuable state among all locations and player inventories. However an invalid use may create an invalid game state. The 'put_location_ids' is an id list (as string) of location ids that identify a single location selected for transfer. The 'to_location_ids' is an id list (as string) of location ids that identify a single location in that the 'put_location' should be placed in.
*DefaultApi* | [**runLocationTakeToPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runlocationtaketopost) | **POST** /run/location/take-to | A player takes any location which is not a registered top-level location and places it into another selected location. It is designed to create a valuable state among all locations and player inventories. However an invalid use may create an invalid game state. The 'take_location_ids' is an id list (as string) of the location the player wants to take into his inventory. The list should start with a toplevel location. The 'to_location_ids' is an id list (as string) of the new locations parent in the players inventory. If the list is empty, the item is placed as in the root level of the inventory.
*DefaultApi* | [**runMapdataGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runmapdataget) | **GET** /run/mapdata | gets map data
*DefaultApi* | [**runPatientAllIdsGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runpatientallidsget) | **GET** /run/patient/all-ids | Returns a list of all patient ids.
*DefaultApi* | [**runPatientArrivePost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runpatientarrivepost) | **POST** /run/patient/arrive | Returns a specified patient.
*DefaultApi* | [**runPatientClassifyPost**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runpatientclassifypost) | **POST** /run/patient/classify | Sets a classification attribute for a specific patient.
*DefaultApi* | [**runPlayerInventoryGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#runplayerinventoryget) | **GET** /run/player/inventory | Get Player Inventory
*DefaultApi* | [**scenarioStartTimeGet**](doc//DefaultApi.md#scenariostarttimeget) | **GET** /scenario/start-time | Get start time and arrival time of scenario.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ActionDTO](doc//ActionDTO.md)
 - [Error](doc//Error.md)
 - [LocationDTO](doc//LocationDTO.md)
 - [LoginPost200Response](doc//LoginPost200Response.md)
 - [LoginPostRequest](doc//LoginPostRequest.md)
 - [MapDataDTO](doc//MapDataDTO.md)
 - [MapDataDTOBuildingsInner](doc//MapDataDTOBuildingsInner.md)
 - [MapDataDTOLocationPositionsInner](doc//MapDataDTOLocationPositionsInner.md)
 - [MapDataDTOPatientPositionsInner](doc//MapDataDTOPatientPositionsInner.md)
 - [MediaReferencesDTOInner](doc//MediaReferencesDTOInner.md)
 - [NotificationsGet200Response](doc//NotificationsGet200Response.md)
 - [PatientClassification](doc//PatientClassification.md)
 - [PatientDTO](doc//PatientDTO.md)
 - [PerformedActionDTO](doc//PerformedActionDTO.md)
 - [PlayerSetNamePost401Response](doc//PlayerSetNamePost401Response.md)
 - [PlayerSetNamePostRequest](doc//PlayerSetNamePostRequest.md)
 - [PointDTO](doc//PointDTO.md)
 - [ResourceDTO](doc//ResourceDTO.md)
 - [RunActionAllGet200Response](doc//RunActionAllGet200Response.md)
 - [RunActionPerformMovePatientPostRequest](doc//RunActionPerformMovePatientPostRequest.md)
 - [RunActionPerformPost200Response](doc//RunActionPerformPost200Response.md)
 - [RunActionPerformPostRequest](doc//RunActionPerformPostRequest.md)
 - [RunActionPerformResultGet200Response](doc//RunActionPerformResultGet200Response.md)
 - [RunLocationAllGet200Response](doc//RunLocationAllGet200Response.md)
 - [RunLocationLeavePost200Response](doc//RunLocationLeavePost200Response.md)
 - [RunLocationPutToPostRequest](doc//RunLocationPutToPostRequest.md)
 - [RunLocationTakeToPostRequest](doc//RunLocationTakeToPostRequest.md)
 - [RunPatientAllIdsGet200Response](doc//RunPatientAllIdsGet200Response.md)
 - [RunPatientArrivePost200Response](doc//RunPatientArrivePost200Response.md)
 - [RunPatientArrivePostRequest](doc//RunPatientArrivePostRequest.md)
 - [RunPatientClassifyPostRequest](doc//RunPatientClassifyPostRequest.md)
 - [RunPlayerInventoryGet200Response](doc//RunPlayerInventoryGet200Response.md)
 - [ScenarioStartTimeGet200Response](doc//ScenarioStartTimeGet200Response.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### bearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer authentication


## Author



